README.md, before:

# Django API Table Of Content

- [Django API Table Of Content](#django-api-table-of-content)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Questions](#questions)
  - [Links](#links)
  - [Setup Postgres](#setup-postgres)

## [Setup](#django-api-table-of-content)

~~using python 3.7: django-api-p37~~
installed docker for mac from: <https://hub.docker.com/editions/community/docker-ce-desktop-mac>
  => folowed regular mac installation of any .dmg file and once isntalled, started the application  
crated a Diockerfile, to learn more check it out  
when creating requirement.txt for django version and djangorestframeowrk i searched:  
  <https://pypi.org/project/Django/>  

`Dockerfile build .` => build the image  
`docker-compose build` => build a service on the image  
  run this again, if adding new pacakged to requirement.txt  
`docker-compose run app sh -c "django-admin.py startproject app ."` build django service on our image  
`docker-compose run app sh -c "python manage.py test"` run my unit tests  
`docker-compose run app sh -c "python manage.py test and flake8"` run my unit tests with linting
`docker-compose run app sh -c "python manage.py startapp core"` creating a new plugin (forgot best term)  
  per video, where my core code lives.  
  we deleted the view.py and tests.py => just play along :-)  
`docker-compose run app sh -c "python manage.py makemigrations core"` => updating db 



## [Questions](#django-api-table-of-content)

Dockerfile VS Compose  
  <https://stackoverflow.com/questions/29480099/docker-compose-vs-dockerfile-which-is-better>  
  <https://www.hostinger.com/tutorials/docker-start-a-container/>  

How can i access my dependencies/packaged when working project in on a docker container?  
  this is an issue since i cannot access my packages and see Class implementation when using inheritance  
  also when for instance overriding cache from from perm to temp 301 redirection, in this case i cannot until  
    having access to thos conda installed packages/ in this case is pip env - did not use conda for this project  
  `docker-compose run --rm --service-ports web bash` => to get to command line for the container  
  `docker exec -it <container ID> pip list` => execute command on container  
  `docker images` => this is how i can get container id  
  `docker exec -it <mycontainer> /bin/bash` => this is may be the way to accees container  
  `docker exec -it <mycontainer> sh` => this is may be the way to accees container  
Maybe i should use github action instead of Travis_CI since not free for private repos?  
Is flake8 the best liniting tool? Do a a bit of search and compare alternative.  

## [Links](#django-api-table-of-content)

 <https://www.django-rest-framework.org>  
<https://www.django-rest-framework.org/api-guide/views/>  
<https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/2.2/topics/testing/tools/#overview-and-a-quick-example> => links for Client documention
<>
<>
<>

## [Setup Postgres](#django-api-table-of-content)

need to install postgres on the machine/server (postgresql-client)
need to install python dependency so that django can communicate with postrgres (psycopg2>=2.7.5<2.8.0)
need to setup values for postgres such username and pass to environment variables or read from file method
  so that these info is not pushed to github repo or visible to anyone unless they have access to machine

Commit message:

Section 11 completed, created create user, token and manager user api

README.md, after:

# Django API Table Of Content

- [Django API Table Of Content](#django-api-table-of-content)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Questions](#questions)
  - [Links](#links)
  - [Setup Postgres](#setup-postgres)

## [Setup](#django-api-table-of-content)

~~using python 3.7: django-api-p37~~
installed docker for mac from: <https://hub.docker.com/editions/community/docker-ce-desktop-mac>
  => folowed regular mac installation of any .dmg file and once isntalled, started the application  
crated a Diockerfile, to learn more check it out  
when creating requirement.txt for django version and djangorestframeowrk i searched:  
  <https://pypi.org/project/Django/>  

`Dockerfile build .` => build the image  
`docker-compose build` => build a service on the image  
  run this again, if adding new pacakged to requirement.txt  
`docker-compose run app sh -c "django-admin.py startproject app ."` build django service on our image  
`docker-compose run app sh -c "python manage.py test"` run my unit tests  
`docker-compose run app sh -c "python manage.py test and flake8"` run my unit tests with linting
`docker-compose run app sh -c "python manage.py startapp core"` creating a new plugin (forgot best term)  
  per video, where my core code lives.  
  we deleted the view.py and tests.py => just play along :-)  
`docker-compose run app sh -c "python manage.py makemigrations core"` => updating db 


once postgres is installed and runing, on the UI, navigate to admin  
make sure admin is working  
navigate to terminal and create superser:  
`docker-compose run app sh -c "python manage.py createsuperuser"`  
email: superUserRS@test.com  
pass: pass123  


API starts here
`docker-compose run --rm app sh -c "python manage.py startapp user"` => updating db  

## [Questions](#django-api-table-of-content)

Dockerfile VS Compose  
  <https://stackoverflow.com/questions/29480099/docker-compose-vs-dockerfile-which-is-better>  
  <https://www.hostinger.com/tutorials/docker-start-a-container/>  

How can i access my dependencies/packaged when working project in on a docker container?  
  this is an issue since i cannot access my packages and see Class implementation when using inheritance  
  also when for instance overriding cache from from perm to temp 301 redirection, in this case i cannot until  
    having access to thos conda installed packages/ in this case is pip env - did not use conda for this project  
  `docker-compose run --rm --service-ports web bash` => to get to command line for the container  
  `docker exec -it <container ID> pip list` => execute command on container  
  `docker images` => this is how i can get container id  
  `docker exec -it <mycontainer> /bin/bash` => this is may be the way to accees container  
  `docker exec -it <mycontainer> sh` => this is may be the way to accees container  
Maybe i should use github action instead of Travis_CI since not free for private repos?  
Is flake8 the best liniting tool? Do a a bit of search and compare alternative.  


What is the difference between *args and **params when passing these as method signature  
look up again get_user_model source code  

Search and understand the main purpose of serializers 






## [Links](#django-api-table-of-content)

 <https://www.django-rest-framework.org>  
<https://www.django-rest-framework.org/api-guide/views/>  
<https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/2.2/topics/testing/tools/#overview-and-a-quick-example> => links for Client documention
<>
<>
<>

## [Setup Postgres](#django-api-table-of-content)

need to install postgres on the machine/server (postgresql-client)
need to install python dependency so that django can communicate with postrgres (psycopg2>=2.7.5<2.8.0)
need to setup values for postgres such username and pass to environment variables or read from file method
  so that these info is not pushed to github repo or visible to anyone unless they have access to machine
